Allow any Node, including ShadowRoot, as container (#2728)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/five-balloons-sneeze.md

---
'@emotion/cache': patch
'@emotion/sheet': patch
---

> The cache's `container` can be a `ShadowRoot`, or any other kind of `Node`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@emotion/cache` and `@emotion/sheet` now allow `container` to be a `ShadowRoot`, or any other kind of `Node`. This change only affects the TypeScript types.
```
